## A Telegram bot send your message back to you. Just for fun!

 This bot is a simple echo bot, which means that it listens for incoming messages and then echoes them back to the user who sent the message. When you send a message to the bot, it will reply with the same message.

 The bot is using the Telegram Bot API to communicate with the Telegram servers. It uses the tgbotapi package in Golang to create a bot instance and listen for incoming updates from the Telegram servers. When an update is received, the bot checks if it is a message update and then sends back a reply with the same message to the user who sent the message.

 This bot can be used as a starting point for more complex Telegram bots. You can modify the code to add more functionality, such as sending images, videos, or audio messages, or processing commands from users.

`go get github.com/go-telegram-bot-api/telegram-bot-api`

 Open Telegram and search for the Botfather.
 Send the command /newbot to create a new bot.
 Follow the instructions to set a name and username for your bot.
 Botfather will give you a token. Copy this token, you will need it later.

 Create a new  main.go 
 Replace <YOUR_BOT_TOKEN> with the token provided by Botfather.

 Open a chat with your bot in Telegram and send it a message.
 You should see the message echoed back to you.

 Deploy on ngrok
 Download and install ngrok.
 Open a new terminal window and navigate to the directory where you saved the ngrok executable.
 
 `ngrok http 8080`

 Copy the https URL generated by ngrok. It should look like https://<random_string>.ngrok.io.
 Replace the webhook URL in your code with the ngrok URL

 Test the bot by sending a message to it.
